pancake  
egg powder:protein  
flour:carb  
milk:dairy

smoothie  
banana:fruit  
milk:dairy  
yogurt:dairy

omelette  
egg powder:protein  
spinach:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

salad  
lettuce:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable  
cucumber:vegetable

muffin  
flour:carb  
egg powder:protein  
milk:dairy

toast  
bread:carb  
butter:dairy

fruit salad  
apple:fruit  
orange:fruit  
grapes:fruit

scrambled eggs  
egg powder:protein  
milk:dairy  
butter:dairy

pasta  
pasta:carb  
tomato:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

grilled cheese  
bread:carb  
cheese:dairy  
butter:dairy

banana bread  
banana:fruit  
flour:carb  
egg powder:protein

yogurt parfait  
yogurt:dairy  
banana:fruit  
granola:carb

egg sandwich  
bread:carb  
egg powder:protein  
cheese:dairy

smoothie bowl  
strawberry:fruit  
banana:fruit  
yogurt:dairy

mashed potatoes  
potato:vegetable  
butter:dairy  
milk:dairy

fruit smoothie  
mango:fruit  
banana:fruit  
milk:dairy

rice pudding  
rice:carb  
milk:dairy  
sugar:carb

scrambled tofu  
tofu:protein  
spinach:vegetable

baked apple  
apple:fruit  
cinnamon:carb  
honey:carb

cheese quesadilla  
tortilla:carb  
cheese:dairy  
butter:dairy

carrot sticks  
carrot:vegetable  
hummus:protein

fruit and cheese  
grapes:fruit  
cheese:dairy

egg salad  
egg powder:protein  
lettuce:vegetable  
mayo:carb

apple cinnamon oats  
apple:fruit  
oats:carb  
cinnamon:carb

vegetable stir fry  
bell pepper:vegetable  
carrot:vegetable  
broccoli:vegetable

protein smoothie  
spinach:vegetable  
banana:fruit  
protein powder:protein

avocado toast  
bread:carb  
avocado:vegetable  
egg powder:protein

chicken salad  
chicken:protein  
lettuce:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable

yogurt with honey  
yogurt:dairy  
honey:carb

fruit dip  
strawberry:fruit  
cream cheese:dairy  
sugar:carb

cheese sticks  
cheese:dairy

veggie wrap  
tortilla:carb  
lettuce:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable

baked potato  
potato:vegetable  
butter:dairy  
cheese:dairy

salmon with vegetables  
salmon:protein  
broccoli:vegetable  
carrot:vegetable

scrambled eggs with spinach  
egg powder:protein  
spinach:vegetable  
butter:dairy

rice and beans  
rice:carb  
beans:protein

fruit parfait  
blueberry:fruit  
yogurt:dairy  
granola:carb

chicken wraps  
chicken:protein  
tortilla:carb  
lettuce:vegetable

vegetable curry  
carrot:vegetable  
potato:vegetable  
spinach:vegetable

fruit popsicles  
strawberry:fruit  
banana:fruit  
yogurt:dairy

pasta salad  
pasta:carb  
tomato:vegetable  
olive oil:carb

cheese omelette  
egg powder:protein  
cheese:dairy  
spinach:vegetable

berry smoothie  
blueberry:fruit  
strawberry:fruit  
yogurt:dairy

rice with egg  
rice:carb  
egg powder:protein  
soy sauce:carb

fruit bowl  
melon:fruit  
kiwi:fruit  
grapes:fruit

baked egg  
egg powder:protein  
spinach:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

peanut butter toast  
bread:carb  
peanut butter:protein  
honey:carb

pancake with fruit  
pancake:carb  
banana:fruit  
strawberry:fruit

vegetable wrap  
tortilla:carb  
lettuce:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable

fruit salad with yogurt  
apple:fruit  
blueberry:fruit  
yogurt:dairy

mango chia pudding  
mango:fruit  
chia seeds:protein  
milk:dairy

avocado smoothie  
avocado:vegetable  
banana:fruit  
milk:dairy

peanut butter smoothie  
banana:fruit  
peanut butter:protein  
milk:dairy

spinach and egg  
egg powder:protein  
spinach:vegetable  
olive oil:carb

fruit and nut mix  
almonds:protein  
banana:fruit  
raisins:fruit

sweet potato fries  
sweet potato:vegetable  
olive oil:carb  
salt:carb

chicken and rice  
chicken:protein  
rice:carb  
peas:vegetable

greek yogurt and berries  
greek yogurt:dairy  
blueberry:fruit  
honey:carb

egg muffins  
egg powder:protein  
cheese:dairy  
spinach:vegetable

spinach salad  
spinach:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

cucumber sandwiches  
bread:carb  
cucumber:vegetable  
cream cheese:dairy

avocado toast with egg  
avocado:vegetable  
bread:carb  
egg powder:protein

roasted carrots  
carrot:vegetable  
olive oil:carb  
salt:carb

tomato soup  
tomato:vegetable  
onion:vegetable  
cream:dairy

cottage cheese with fruit  
cottage cheese:dairy  
peach:fruit  
honey:carb

grilled chicken  
chicken:protein  
olive oil:carb  
lemon:fruit

scrambled eggs with avocado  
egg powder:protein  
avocado:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

cheese and crackers  
cheese:dairy  
crackers:carb

apple chips  
apple:fruit  
cinnamon:carb

tomato and mozzarella  
tomato:vegetable  
mozzarella:dairy  
olive oil:carb

carrot and hummus  
carrot:vegetable  
hummus:protein

egg salad wrap  
tortilla:carb  
egg powder:protein  
lettuce:vegetable

fruit sandwich  
banana:fruit  
bread:carb  
peanut butter:protein

pumpkin soup  
pumpkin:vegetable  
onion:vegetable  
cream:dairy

broccoli and cheese  
broccoli:vegetable  
cheese:dairy  
butter:dairy

apple cinnamon oats  
oats:carb  
apple:fruit  
cinnamon:carb

potato salad  
potato:vegetable  
mayo:carb  
egg powder:protein

greek salad  
cucumber:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable  
feta:dairy

roasted potato  
potato:vegetable  
olive oil:carb  
garlic:carb

banana smoothie  
banana:fruit  
milk:dairy  
yogurt:dairy

spinach and feta omelette  
egg powder:protein  
spinach:vegetable  
feta:dairy

hummus with pita  
hummus:protein  
pita:carb

fruit and cottage cheese  
peach:fruit  
cottage cheese:dairy  
honey:carb

banana pancakes  
banana:fruit  
flour:carb  
egg powder:protein

roasted sweet potato  
sweet potato:vegetable  
olive oil:carb  
paprika:carb

cheese and tomato  
tomato:vegetable  
cheese:dairy

apple cinnamon yogurt  
apple:fruit  
cinnamon:carb  
yogurt:dairy

pasta with veggies  
pasta:carb  
broccoli:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable

salmon with rice  
salmon:protein  
rice:carb  
lemon:fruit

fruit smoothie bowl  
mango:fruit  
banana:fruit  
yogurt:dairy

avocado and tomato salad  
avocado:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable  
olive oil:carb

tomato sauce  
tomato:vegetable  
garlic:vegetable  
olive oil:carb

grilled vegetables  
bell pepper:vegetable  
zucchini:vegetable  
eggplant:vegetable

baked salmon  
salmon:protein  
lemon:fruit  
garlic:vegetable

fruit sorbet  
mango:fruit  
sugar:carb  
lime:fruit

peanut butter sandwich  
bread:carb  
peanut butter:protein  
honey:carb

carrot soup  
carrot:vegetable  
onion:vegetable  
cream:dairy

tuna salad  
tuna:protein  
lettuce:vegetable  
tomato:vegetable

chicken stir-fry 
chicken:protein
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable
rice:carb

greek yogurt with fruit 
greek yogurt:dairy
blueberry:fruit
strawberry:fruit

tuna melt 
tuna:protein
bread:carb
cheese:dairy

vegetable soup 
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable
potato:vegetable

scrambled eggs with cheese 
egg powder:protein
cheese:dairy

fruit salad with honey 
apple:fruit
banana:fruit
honey:carb

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

salmon with asparagus 
salmon:protein
asparagus:vegetable

cottage cheese with fruit 
cottage cheese:dairy
peach:fruit
blueberry:fruit

turkey sandwich 
turkey:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

oatmeal with berries 
oats:carb
blueberry:fruit
strawberry:fruit

chicken breast with spinach 
chicken:protein
spinach:vegetable

banana smoothie 
banana:fruit
yogurt:dairy
milk:dairy

cheese quesadilla 
tortilla:carb
cheese:dairy

veggie burger 
black beans:protein
onion:vegetable
bun:carb

avocado toast 
bread:carb
avocado:vegetable

yogurt parfait 
yogurt:dairy
granola:carb
fruit:fruit 

chicken noodle soup 
chicken:protein
noodles:carb
carrot:vegetable

beef stew 
beef:protein
potato:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

mac and cheese 
macaroni:carb
cheese:dairy

grilled cheese 
bread:carb
cheese:dairy

tuna salad sandwich 
tuna:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

vegetable stir-fry 
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

fruit smoothie 
banana:fruit
strawberry:fruit
yogurt:dairy

egg salad sandwich 
egg powder:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

chicken caesar salad 
chicken:protein
romaine lettuce:vegetable
croutons:carb

pasta with marinara sauce 
pasta:carb
marinara sauce:vegetable 

scrambled eggs with spinach 
egg powder:protein
spinach:vegetable

grilled salmon 
salmon:protein

rice pudding 
rice:carb
milk:dairy

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken curry 
chicken:protein
coconut milk:dairy

vegetable curry 
cauliflower:vegetable
potato:vegetable
coconut milk:dairy

beef tacos 
beef:protein
tortilla:carb
lettuce:vegetable

fish tacos 
fish:protein
tortilla:carb
cabbage:vegetable

falafel wrap 
falafel:protein
pita bread:carb
hummus:protein

hummus and veggies 
hummus:protein
carrot:vegetable
cucumber:vegetable

fruit salad 
apple:fruit
banana:fruit
grapes:fruit

greek salad 
cucumber:vegetable
tomato:vegetable
feta cheese:dairy

caprese salad 
tomato:vegetable
mozzarella:dairy
basil:vegetable

chicken and rice 
chicken:protein
rice:carb
peas:vegetable

beef and broccoli 
beef:protein
broccoli:vegetable
rice:carb

shrimp scampi 
shrimp:protein
pasta:carb
garlic:vegetable

chicken stir-fry 
chicken:protein
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

vegetable stir-fry 
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken noodle soup 
chicken:protein
noodles:carb
carrot:vegetable

beef stew 
beef:protein
potato:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

mac and cheese 
macaroni:carb
cheese:dairy

grilled cheese 
bread:carb
cheese:dairy

tuna salad sandwich 
tuna:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

chicken caesar salad 
chicken:protein
romaine lettuce:vegetable
croutons:carb

pasta with marinara sauce 
pasta:carb
marinara sauce:vegetable 

scrambled eggs with spinach 
egg powder:protein
spinach:vegetable

grilled salmon 
salmon:protein

rice pudding 
rice:carb
milk:dairy

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken curry 
chicken:protein
coconut milk:dairy

vegetable curry 
cauliflower:vegetable
potato:vegetable
coconut milk:dairy

beef tacos 
beef:protein
tortilla:carb
lettuce:vegetable

fish tacos 
fish:protein
tortilla:carb
cabbage:vegetable

falafel wrap 
falafel:protein
pita bread:carb
hummus:protein

hummus and veggies 
hummus:protein
carrot:vegetable
cucumber:vegetable

fruit salad 
apple:fruit
banana:fruit
grapes:fruit

greek salad 
cucumber:vegetable
tomato:vegetable
feta cheese:dairy

caprese salad 
tomato:vegetable
mozzarella:dairy
basil:vegetable

chicken and rice 
chicken:protein
rice:carb
peas:vegetable

beef and broccoli 
beef:protein
broccoli:vegetable
rice:carb

shrimp scampi 
shrimp:protein
pasta:carb
garlic:vegetable

chicken stir-fry 
chicken:protein
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

vegetable stir-fry 
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken noodle soup 
chicken:protein
noodles:carb
carrot:vegetable

beef stew 
beef:protein
potato:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

mac and cheese 
macaroni:carb
cheese:dairy

grilled cheese 
bread:carb
cheese:dairy

tuna salad sandwich 
tuna:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

chicken caesar salad 
chicken:protein
romaine lettuce:vegetable
croutons:carb

pasta with marinara sauce 
pasta:carb
marinara sauce:vegetable 

scrambled eggs with spinach 
egg powder:protein
spinach:vegetable

grilled salmon 
salmon:protein

rice pudding 
rice:carb
milk:dairy

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken curry 
chicken:protein
coconut milk:dairy

vegetable curry 
cauliflower:vegetable
potato:vegetable
coconut milk:dairy

beef tacos 
beef:protein
tortilla:carb
lettuce:vegetable

fish tacos 
fish:protein
tortilla:carb
cabbage:vegetable

falafel wrap 
falafel:protein
pita bread:carb
hummus:protein

hummus and veggies 
hummus:protein
carrot:vegetable
cucumber:vegetable

fruit salad 
apple:fruit
banana:fruit
grapes:fruit

greek salad 
cucumber:vegetable
tomato:vegetable
feta cheese:dairy

caprese salad 
tomato:vegetable
mozzarella:dairy
basil:vegetable

chicken and rice 
chicken:protein
rice:carb
peas:vegetable

beef and broccoli 
beef:protein
broccoli:vegetable
rice:carb

shrimp scampi 
shrimp:protein
pasta:carb
garlic:vegetable

chicken stir-fry 
chicken:protein
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

vegetable stir-fry 
broccoli:vegetable
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken noodle soup 
chicken:protein
noodles:carb
carrot:vegetable

beef stew 
beef:protein
potato:vegetable
carrot:vegetable

mac and cheese 
macaroni:carb
cheese:dairy

grilled cheese 
bread:carb
cheese:dairy

tuna salad sandwich 
tuna:protein
bread:carb
lettuce:vegetable

chicken caesar salad 
chicken:protein
romaine lettuce:vegetable
croutons:carb

pasta with marinara sauce 
pasta:carb
marinara sauce:vegetable 

scrambled eggs with spinach 
egg powder:protein
spinach:vegetable

grilled salmon 
salmon:protein

rice pudding 
rice:carb
milk:dairy

lentil soup 
lentils:protein
carrot:vegetable
onion:vegetable

chicken curry 
chicken:protein
coconut milk:dairy

vegetable curry 
cauliflower:vegetable
potato:vegetable
coconut milk:dairy

beef tacos 
beef:protein
tortilla:carb
lettuce:vegetable

fish tacos 
fish:protein
tortilla:carb
cabbage:vegetable

falafel wrap 
falafel:protein
pita bread:carb
hummus:protein

hummus and veggies 
hummus:protein
carrot:vegetable
cucumber:vegetable

fruit salad 
apple:fruit
banana:fruit
grapes:fruit

greek salad 
cucumber:vegetable
tomato:vegetable
feta cheese:dairy

caprese salad 
tomato:vegetable
mozzarella:dairy
basil:vegetable

chicken and rice 
chicken:protein
rice:carb
peas:vegetable

beef and broccoli 
beef:protein
broccoli:vegetable
rice:carb